<h3>Week 1 Reflection</h3>
Fiction and poetry are the writing forms I practise the most often. Imagery is a strength that I rely on, so I’m particularly interested in how I may be able to use digital tools to either enhance my uses of this, or to conjure imagery in an alternative way altogether. I expect the digital writing lab to be a challenge, but despite my focus on the broad and creative field of writing, I also have a logical side. Therefore, I expect to enjoy learning some of the more technical aspects of the digital writing lab as well as new creative ideas.

The class so far has made me consider the ways I’ve interacted with the digital world in my writing so far. I love collecting pretty notebooks, but I find myself using Word documents for the majority of my writing. This is especially the case for long projects, since I become overwhelmed by too much paper and have a nonstop need to chop, change around and reorganise my work. When I write analog it is usually the messy draft I am using to dump the ideas out of my brain rather than the main writing itself. I’m also a rigorous editor-as-I-go. I type fast, I delete fast. Writing on a computer helps me feel less tied down by each individual word and facilitates my style of writing practice in this regard. 

This week, I’ve also looked back more broadly on my roots in writing. I started writing as a child by turning A4 sheets of paper into my own picture books. When I learnt what a Word document was, however, my writing attention turned to that, and I began typing my picture books up and fiddling around with the design options and tacky <em>Wordart</em>. I would print the text out and draw the pictures by hand. Discovering Powerpoint sparked my interest even further, with its different animations and transitions to play around with, as well as Windows Live Movie Maker which I used to create little movies and animations—many of these combined text with screenshots I took from my favourite video games. Playing and creating with these software programs helped to spark my creativity in a big way growing up.

Before this week I believed I was completely new to the area of digital writing, but I’ve realised that my creative history suggests I have a natural interest in experimenting with technology to create and facilitate my storytelling.
